README.md, before:

# Project Name
> Outline a brief description of your project.


## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Conclusions](#conclusions)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- You can include any other section that is pertinent to your problem -->

## General Information
- Provide general information about your project here.
- What is the background of your project?
- What is the business probem that your project is trying to solve?
- What is the dataset that is being used?

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->

## Conclusions
- Conclusion 1 from the analysis
- Conclusion 2 from the analysis
- Conclusion 3 from the analysis
- Conclusion 4 from the analysis

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->


## Technologies Used
- library - version 1.0
- library - version 2.0
- library - version 3.0

<!-- As the libraries versions keep on changing, it is recommended to mention the version of library used in this project -->

## Acknowledgements
Give credit here.
- This project was inspired by...
- References if any...
- This project was based on [this tutorial](https://www.example.com).


## Contact
Created by [@githubusername] - feel free to contact me!


<!-- Optional -->
<!-- ## License -->
<!-- This project is open source and available under the [... License](). -->

<!-- You don't have to include all sections - just the one's relevant to your project -->

Commit message:

lending club README.md file changes

README.md, after:

# LendingClub-Loan-Analysis

In the Lending club case, we need to analysis financial loss for bank and lending comapny. We need to identify the risk from the loan applicant so that we could reduce the the NPA (Non performing Asset) for the loan.

We are looking at the Loan disbursal data for a large Online consumer finance company. The data contains ongoing loans, Fully paid and charged-off cases. Along with this various customer related data.

The objective is to look at the existing cutomer data and using Exploratory Data Analysis find what attributes can be used to predict/discern final loan disposition i.e. will they be fully paid or charge off. This will help us in managing risk and taking pre-emptive steps where necessary.

## Table of Contents
* [General Info](#general-information)
* [Technologies Used](#technologies-used)
* [Conclusions](#conclusions)
* [Acknowledgements](#acknowledgements)

<!-- You can include any other section that is pertinent to your problem -->

## General Information
- Group Facilitator - Nishant Raj
- Group Member - Ajay Ratnu
- The objective is to identify patterns within the data that can tell if a person is likely to default or not.
- Raw data with > 31000 customer details.
- Loan issuance and disposition data from Consumer Finance company.

<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->

## Conclusions
- Conclusion 1 
 > As per the data Analysis, we can say if bank or lending company will give the loan to small business then its a high change that they could not return back the money 
   on time.
- Conclusion 2
 > The loan amount which approve by the lending company, it should be low amount campare of the employee annual salary.
- Conclusion 3 
 > While approving the loan, the lending company should always consider Grade and Sub Grade of the employee.


<!-- You don't have to answer all the questions - just the ones relevant to your project. -->


## Technologies Used
- Python library - Numpy 1.20.3
- Python library - Pandas 1.3.4
- Python library - Matplotlib 3.4.3
- Python library - Seaborn 0.11.2

<!-- As the libraries versions keep on changing, it is recommended to mention the version of library used in this project -->

## Acknowledgements
- This project was inspired by UpGrad Lending Club Case Study


## Contact
Created by [@ajayantrix] & [@nishantop] - feel free to contact us!


<!-- Optional -->
<!-- ## License -->
<!-- This project is open source and available under the [... License](). -->

<!-- You don't have to include all sections - just the one's relevant to your project -->
